a lesser jerboa
a hunter needs supersenses to find such
small sparse prey the rules desert fox
has ears twenty times more sensitive
than our own the jeboa tries to hide but
the holes not deep enough the Fox is
sensitive nose tells him exactly where
to dig there's a sneaky backdoor if he
can squeeze through time for the Jabara
to reveal his own secret weapon legs
like a kangaroo
the Jabara can hop more than ten times
its own body length but long legs don't
make it easy to hide they come into
their own when the only option left is
to run for it
[Music]
sometimes getting over is tough better
to go under the jabo is quick but the
Fox is quicker the jerboas only hope is
to outmaneuver and he has one last trick
on his sleeve
[Music]
hairy feet a shock of hair on the sole
of his feet grips the sand for a quick
turn
desert survival requires sensible
Footwear
tonight the desert fox goes hungry
[Music]